Update the docs (#13)
model-bakers/model_bakery: docs/source/basic_usage.rst

Basic Usage
===========

Let's say you have an app **shop** with a model like this:

File: **models.py** ::

    class Customer(models.Model):
        """
        Model class Customer of shop app
        """

>         happy = models.BooleanField()

Author: Although I agree with you I feel that changing this will require a lot of effort on reviewing all the docs once again because it's 90% based in this `Customer` user. I'll create an issue to document this so people can help us to improve our documentation just to unblock us from not releasing `1.0.0`. Issue #15 now covers this discussion.

        name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
        age = models.IntegerField()
        bio = models.TextField()
        wanted_games_qtd = models.BigIntegerField()
        birthday = models.DateField()
        last_shopping = models.DateTimeField()

To create a persisted instance, just call Model Bakery:

File: **test_models.py** ::

    #Core Django imports
    from django.test import TestCase

    #Third-party app imports
    from model_bakery import baker

    from shop.models import Customer

>     class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):

Author: Hm... I tend to keep the docs strictly related to how Django's test case works because `pytest` is not a dependency for `model_bakery`. If we use the pytest code-style, people may think that model bakery requires pytest and this can influence their opinions on using or not the library. 

I've created #14 to improve our docs to also explain model_bakery alongside with pytest

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory', make_m2m=True)
            print(self.history.products.count())

Explicit M2M Relationships
--------------------------
If you want to, you can prepare your own set of related object and pass it to Model Bakery. Here's an example: ::

    products_set = baker.prepare(Product, _quantity=5)
    history = baker.make(PurchaseHistory, products=products_set)

Explicit values for fields
--------------------------

By default, Model Bakery uses random values to populate the model's fields. But it's possible to explicitly set values for them as well. ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=21
            )

            self.older_customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=42
            )

> Related objects fields are also reachable by their name or related names in a very similar way as Django does with `field lookups <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/ref/models/querysets/#id4>`_: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related objects fields are also reachable by their name or related names in a very similar way as Django does with `field lookups <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/models/querysets/#field-lookups>`_: ::
```

What about putting `dev` version links, so it would not get outdated? In case, we will have some mismatch with possible new functionality, we better add new Django version support.
Also, I changed anchor to a verbose one.
